Chloe Bilverstone: So I'm just
Chloe Bilverstone: should have had a robot tell you that we're now recording. So you and I don't know how much your mum's told you about the study, but I'm going to just talk you through it now, and like what will happen, and then you can let me know if you want to proceed with it, so I'll just start sharing my screen. Give me 2 secs
Chloe Bilverstone: and bring that up. So can you see a document there.
Lis McDonald: Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah. So I'm going to read out. But just in case you prefer to read yourself. But essentially, I go to a university in London. And I'm part of a team that are trying out this new game to help us understand parent and adolescent relationships and communication. So in terms of what the study involves. Essentially, you'll play an online game today with your mum for 8 min.
Chloe Bilverstone: We're going to be using Zoom to record a video of you playing. It doesn't require any gaming skill. The rules are very simple, and I'll explain to you both before we get started in terms of the information you give us. So the the video, like I said, will be kept safe and secure, and no one outside of the research team will see the video.
Chloe Bilverstone: You don't have to take part. It is completely up to you, and you can let me know if you have any questions. If you do decide to take part. We can get going with the game now, if not, you can let me know, and if you decide halfway through you want to stop as well, you can also do that. Are you happy to proceed.
Lis McDonald: Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, perfect. So I'll stop sharing my screen. And I'm now just gonna put in the chat. The link to the game.
Chloe Bilverstone: Me to use sex.
Chloe Bilverstone: So pop that in there now. So if you can just open the link up and it should give you the option to either click keyboard or touch screen and you can obviously click which one is applicable to you.
Lis McDonald: Hmm.
Chloe Bilverstone: Does that come up? Okay.
Lis McDonald: Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah. And then, are you able to share your screen with me again? Please.
Chloe Bilverstone: Thank you.
Lis McDonald: Right.
Chloe Bilverstone: There you have. If you go back onto zoom, and then it should be at the bottom again.
Lis McDonald: It disappeared.
Chloe Bilverstone: What zoom has disappeared, or.
Lis McDonald: You're there, but they.
Chloe Bilverstone: So if you go like on the bottom of your screen is that, can you see the zoom app, or the or you doing it through the end, through like your browser.
Lis McDonald: I'm sorry. Hold it in. I got it.
Lis McDonald: There we go. Got it.
Chloe Bilverstone: Got it. Yeah. And then, if you could, just yeah, share your screen, that would be Fab
Chloe Bilverstone: perfect. So I think that's just
Chloe Bilverstone: coming through now. So yeah, brilliant. So you should be able to see an etch, a sketch on the screen. Have you guys seen an etch sketch before?
Lis McDonald: Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, so it's basically the same as the physical one. But online. And essentially, we would like you to copy the picture you should see on the left to the house onto etch a sketch by working together. But there are some rules to it.
Chloe Bilverstone: So, Liz, you can only draw lines a vertical. So up and down by pressing the O. And the M. Keys, and then you and you can only make horizontal lines. So, going side by side by pressing the A and d keys so I don't know if you like the right way around. I think.
Lis McDonald: No, we're not.
Chloe Bilverstone: If you want to swap, swap round.
Chloe Bilverstone: There we go. And essentially the most important thing to remember is you can't touch each other's keys.
Chloe Bilverstone: So yeah, like I, said, Liz O and M. Keys, and you and A. And d keys if you want to, at any point you can restart it. So there is a at the top, right there is a button, a new button. You should be able to see and once you start drawing, that will become like clickable. And you can yeah restart at any point you're gonna be playing for 8 min.
Chloe Bilverstone: if you do finish beforehand, if you can, just like restart and play again. Essentially, we just want you to be playing for the full 8 min. If that's okay, I will turn my camera off my microphone off so hopefully, I won't distract but if you have got any issues, just obviously say, and I can come back on I'm gonna get a timer up. And yeah, that's it. Do you sort of have any questions? Or does it all make sense.
Lis McDonald: Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, okay, I'll just get my timer ready. So yeah, like, I said, I'll turn my camera off, and then I'll come back on after the 8 min, so I'll press start now.
Lis McDonald: Every reason I have to do it.
Lis McDonald: Yeah, efforts go
Lis McDonald: 9.
Chloe Bilverstone: Or is it not? Is it not working?
Chloe Bilverstone: Well, I think I think I've lost you guys.
Chloe Bilverstone: Can you guys hear me? I can't hear you. Can you hear me?
Lis McDonald: Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Oh, you're sort of cutting out a little bit.
Lis McDonald: Well.
Chloe Bilverstone: Oh, I think you're back now. I think it was sort of it was cutting out. Is it not working the game.
Lis McDonald: It just says, Internet connection is unstable. That's just the.
Chloe Bilverstone: You're back! You're back now. I can hear you now. So is the game. Is the game not working.
Lis McDonald: No.
Chloe Bilverstone: Oh!
Lis McDonald: Yeah, no, I'm pressing over. And M.
Chloe Bilverstone: Have you tried like sort of click, using the mouse and click on like the middle of the screen.
Chloe Bilverstone: and then try.
Lis McDonald: Think? No, it just makes the noise.
Chloe Bilverstone: That is. Oh, is it drawing now? I think it's drawing now. I can see a line.
Lis McDonald: We can't see anything.
Chloe Bilverstone: Oh!
Lis McDonald: A little the dial things move, but we can't see any lines at all.
Chloe Bilverstone: That is weird. Maybe. Re, if we if you go off the page and then re, click the link. I'm sorry about that. That's not happened before. So I'm not sure why it's done that. Yeah, maybe if you like, refresh it and see if that works.
Lis McDonald: He is right.
Lis McDonald: How are you guys?
Lis McDonald: This is just commit.
Lis McDonald: Yeah, come off a bit. And then no, hmm.
Lis McDonald: Perhaps that was in the way, maybe just try and hold on
Lis McDonald: right?
Lis McDonald: Okay?
Lis McDonald: Good enough.
Chloe Bilverstone: App again.
Lis McDonald: My game.
Chloe Bilverstone: Hopefully. It will work this time. Not yeah. I'm not sure why.
Lis McDonald: Hold!
Chloe Bilverstone: Oh!
Lis McDonald: Oh, yeah, it's working now. Yeah, it's working now.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah. Okay. Well, if you can reshare your screen with me again, and then we can. Yeah restart it. Yeah, I don't know why that was must must have just been.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Messing up.
Chloe Bilverstone: Okay, Fab, I will reset the timer.
Lis McDonald: Pardon me.
Chloe Bilverstone: So if I just get the time up, yeah, are you guys ready to go.
Lis McDonald: Yep.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, okay, I've started it.
Lis McDonald: Okay, we like, draw that door first.st Yeah, no. Why is it doing it again?
Lis McDonald: Oh, you're working.
Lis McDonald: I'm working differently.
Lis McDonald: He, Andre, I don't know.
Chloe Bilverstone: So to undo it. If you press the new, says New.
Lis McDonald: And.
Chloe Bilverstone: So the top right. There should be a thing that says new.
Lis McDonald: Oh, there goes. Shook it. There we go. Ready. Right? Okay, could you? That door first? st
Lis McDonald: Okay, cool.
Lis McDonald: Yeah.
Lis McDonald: We'll be better off throwing around the outside first.st
Lis McDonald: Thank he is right. I got your M. Is M.
Lis McDonald: Alert in a minute?
Lis McDonald: Yeah.
Lis McDonald: you know
Lis McDonald: you are.
Lis McDonald: and then go up about there because you got to do the
Lis McDonald: how are you doing that? How you doing that as well?
Lis McDonald: And come down
Lis McDonald: done.
Lis McDonald: No winning noise
Lis McDonald: alright.
Lis McDonald: And now button again.
Lis McDonald: And then you won't become a okay.
Lis McDonald: Now, you come to the middle and do the went door
Lis McDonald: think through the windows, we have to draw square ones. I don't know how you're gonna draw square ones.
Lis McDonald: I have no idea
Lis McDonald: we'll do that roof fit first.st You know what
Lis McDonald: the nice hotline.
Lis McDonald: I have an idea.
Lis McDonald: Right?
Lis McDonald: Go up nice. It's awesome.
Lis McDonald: Yeah.
Lis McDonald: Oh, oh, there we go. Hold on
Lis McDonald: right. We're gonna restart. Hold on. Okay.
Lis McDonald: alrighty. Alright. So we need to start down the bottom, really, don't we?
Lis McDonald: Yeah, right? That's you need to go down.
Lis McDonald: And now, too high up, we should start it up there you go right weeks. Also he would awesome
Lis McDonald: draw off a little bit.
Lis McDonald: Stop. Mute t alright. So they go across. There you go.
Lis McDonald: Oh, but there, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's what happened.
Lis McDonald: That was my firstition skills perfect.
Lis McDonald: And then, are you go down a little bit more, just literally. And once
Lis McDonald: good.
Lis McDonald: I'm gonna go
Lis McDonald: long house like in your house.
Lis McDonald: Yeah, go up, actually. Hold on.
Lis McDonald: Well, but not now. It's not working again
Lis McDonald: as well.
Lis McDonald: We're gonna do that roof bit now. So you're gonna press.
Lis McDonald: Oh, I'm gonna press a 3 a 1.
Lis McDonald: No?
Lis McDonald: Oh, my gosh, no! Don't keep embracing that.
Lis McDonald: It's a tiled roof ready. You're not going to get a straight line, and it's perfect to do an extra stretch.
Lis McDonald: It's fine. Do not start again.
Lis McDonald: Oh, I didn't touch anything right?
Lis McDonald: Ready? Yeah, ready.
Lis McDonald: Bye.
Lis McDonald: Yeah, I was. It did.
Lis McDonald: Let's do you keep on pressing it like this. Sorry.
Lis McDonald: Just hold it, and you get a straight line.
Lis McDonald: It's rife.
Lis McDonald: It's just a rave unison, he says.
Lis McDonald: Right? Let's start again.
Lis McDonald: Oh, that's literally perfect where he started. Yeah, look at that lovely start on the position
Lis McDonald: little nicer for starting position.
Lis McDonald: Oh, that!
Lis McDonald: Look at the left again!
Lis McDonald: I'm looking to go down
Lis McDonald: right again. Nope, again!
Lis McDonald: Go right again.
Lis McDonald: Let me go down again.
Lis McDonald: Then we'll go to the right again.
Lis McDonald: Then we're gonna off again.
Lis McDonald: One.
Lis McDonald: Then when you go up there right.
Lis McDonald: you hold the key. Hold the key. Don't keep impressing it. Okay, alright! 3, 2, 1. Hold it!
Lis McDonald: There you go. I'll let you go for slightly.
Lis McDonald: That's fine. 3, 2, 1.
Lis McDonald: There we go. We've got a lovely house. Alright. Go down a bit
Lis McDonald: right.
Lis McDonald: No, I'll forget like it's the windows
Lis McDonald: through the windows. I think I know how to do. Alright, alright, basically.
Lis McDonald: Yeah. Draw out of it.
Lis McDonald: Yes, right, basically.
Lis McDonald: And press both your keys at once.
Lis McDonald: Okay, both of them at the same time. Ready? Yeah. 3, 1.
Chloe Bilverstone: Okay, guys, that is your time. Up the 8.
Lis McDonald: Really? Hello!
Lis McDonald: Quick!
Chloe Bilverstone: It, doesn't it? I'll stop recording now. So.